Update CHANGELOG for 4.1.0 (#1396)
mongodb/mongo-cxx-driver: CHANGELOG.md

Reviewer: Recommend adding this entry under Changed (should've been added by https://github.com/mongodb/mongo-cxx-driver/pull/1318):

```md
- C++17 polyfill implementations for `optional<T>` and `string_view` are now declared in the `bsoncxx::v1::stdx` namespace.
  - The `bsoncxx::v_noabi::stdx` namespace now contain type aliases to their `v1` equivalents.
  - This is an ABI breaking change for all symbols which reference `bsoncxx::v_noabi::stdx` in their declaration (including mongocxx library symbols).
    - This does not affect users who compile with C++17 or newer and have not set `BSONCXX_POLY_USE_IMPLS=ON`.
```

Given extensive use of `string_view` and `optional<T>`, users may want to be notified that this may break ABI ([compat report](https://mciuploads.s3.amazonaws.com/mongo-cxx-driver/master/efc46c3481b8301a7a68ae384774ffdef641535f/mongo_cxx_driver_efc46c3481b8301a7a68ae384774ffdef641535f/mongo_cxx_driver_abi_stability_efc46c3481b8301a7a68ae384774ffdef641535f_25_04_23_18_05_09/mongo_cxx_driver_abi_stability_abi_compliance_check_impls_cxx11_efc46c3481b8301a7a68ae384774ffdef641535f_25_04_23_18_05_09/0/abi-compliance-check/noabi/compat_report.html)).

Author: Thank you for the suggested text. Copied verbatim.

Changes prior to 3.9.0 are documented as [release notes on GitHub](https://github.com/mongodb/mongo-cxx-driver/releases).

## 4.1.0

### Fixed

- The API version of auto-downloaded C Driver libraries no longer incorrectly inherits the C++ Driver's `BUILD_VERSION` value.

> - Possible narrowing conversion in `core::append()` in `bsoncxx::v_noabi::builder`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Potentially unchecked narrowing conversion in `bsoncxx::v_noabi::builder::core::append()` now throws an exception with error code `k_cannot_append_string`.
```
Wording suggestion.
